Subtitles by Jeong@Netflix
Excuse me, Crony.
You're in my way, so go over there.
Hey!
Dong-ho, sit over there.
I'll call you if I need...
Hey, Je-hyeok!
I heard you signed with Nexen.
Drinks are on you.
Aren't you cold?
Can you not feel the cold?
Your lawyer said they gave you
good money and a multi-year contract.
Wow. That's great.
Nexen is really generous.
-Is it because you're a franchise player?
-Yeah.
Ji-ho. What about her?
Oh, Ji-ho?
She's going to come visit next week.
She's really coming?
It's exam week.
She said she'll come once she's done.
Wow. Ji-ho is so generous. Seriously.
When you see her, give her a big hug.
No, I'll hug her instead.
No. I'll ask Je-hee to hug her.
Geez.
You seem really happy lately.
-Me?
-I guess
your relationship is going well.
No. I'm just happy
because things are going well for you.
Then will you please let go of my arm?
Did you put on cologne?
You did.
This punk is an animal.
He can smell things like a dog.
Who is this woman
that's making the biggest player
try so hard?
A "player"?
You have me completely wrong.
I'm not like that.
I'm a very sincere and faithful man.
Je-hyeok.
Even if everyone else thinks that,
you can't, Je-hyeok.
Okay?
I'm not tired at all. I'm used to it now.
Let's have brunch. I'll come to you.
What should we have?
Anything.
But you should go home and sleep.
You must've just finished
your night shift.
I can always sleep later.
Want to go to Garosugil?
Want to get brunch there?
How about udon? I know a good place.
There's a place famous on Instagram.
It's a pasta place,
but they have only one table.
I hear it's incredibly good.
Should we go there?
We probably can't.
They're always booked,
so I guess we can't go for a while.
-They must do well.
-Totally.
They take reservations online
only at 7 a.m.,
and they get booked up in one second.
You have to click like crazy.
Really? It must be really good.
I do want to try it, though.
You do? Okay.
Joon-ho, wake up!
Joon-ho! You need to be alert!
Five seconds.
Five. Four. Three. Two. One.
Fail. Fail for this one too.
Fail.
Success.
-Success?
-Success!
Success!
RESERVATION COMPLETED.
You did it!
PRISON PLAYBOOK
Congratulations.
Gosh.
It's good news.
What's wrong with you?
If he was chosen for parole,
it's 90% likely he'll get it.
He served over 80% of his sentence,
was a model inmate
and never caused trouble,
so the officers probably gave him
high scores.
Then he'll pass for sure.
How many years did Min-chul serve?
Initially execution,
reduced to life in prison,
reduced to 25 years 10 years ago.
Currently serving his 22nd year.
I've been learning about the inmates.
His was the hardest to memorize.
This is hard too.
Look at him. Look. He isn't human.
When will we find out?
They submitted it last week,
so, in two to three weeks.
It takes about 30 days
to get a decision on parole.
You know absolutely everything.
This is why experience is important.
It's more smarts than experience.
I'm pretty smart.
I mean it.
If I were born into a wealthy family
and studied,
I probably would've gone
to the same university as him.
Hey. Why is he always here?
Captain Yoo said something harsh.
His feelings were hurt.
What did he say?
He wouldn't be dejected like that
unless it was something really harsh.
I know.
Aren't you watching?
I memorized all of Screening Humanity.
I watched that episode on the 10 siblings
living in the woods over 20 times.
I'm sure today, it'll end with the 7th kid
going sledding with the 8th kid,
and tripping over a rock.
I see.
Han-yang, Jung-woo.
There are some business ideas
that I came up with
while spending all those years here.
Want to hear them?
The first idea is...
Min-chul, let's talk.
Me?
Is there a problem with the parole?
-Was it rejected?
-No.
That's for the higher-ups to figure out.
I said not to worry.
There's no reason for you not to get it.
I need to talk to you alone. Come out.
Yes, sir.
Hey, kindergartners. Don't fight. Be good.
If you fight away,
this mister will spank you.
I'm really sick, that's why.
Will your body rot if I sleep on your lap?
Do you hate me that much? Huh?
It's uncomfortable.
How you use drugs as an excuse
to be touchy with people
makes me uncomfortable.
You know, don't you?
Yes.
Do you...
hate that?
I can't understand.
I won't judge,
but I can't understand.
If someone close to me was like that,
I would've punched him.
Whatever. What do I care?
Hey.
If you're going to come here every day,
clean a little.
Don't just bum around.
Do you hate me too?
Naturally. Who likes druggies?
Druggies are the biggest repeat offenders.
It's impossible to fix.
But you will.
You didn't take any drugs
for months, right?
You didn't take any, right?
Then the finish line is in sight.
You're getting out in a month too.
Hang in there until then.
Go into rehab as soon as you get out,
and get therapy.
Okay.
Why did you start taking drugs?
You're normal enough.
How did you end up getting into drugs?
When I was studying in Japan.
Ji-won and I were broken up for a bit,
and I was very lonely and depressed.
There was a classmate of mine
who was like a total hippie.
He said it would be okay
if I did it just once.
2015 TOKYO, JAPAN
I drank it in seconds.
I wasn't thinking.
I did it that one time that day for fun,
but later on, I found myself dealing them.
So you should never ever take drugs, okay?
Okay?
-Okay, I won't.
-Good.
-Joon-ho.
-Yeah?
Can I really get better?
I can get better.
Of course, I can get better.
I will never,
ever take drugs again.
Psycho. He answers his own questions.
What does he want from me?
-Joon-ho.
-What now?
What's wrong with Je-hyeok's pitches?
The balls are just like me.
They're all over the place.
They're out of control.
I've been watching this whole time,
and he can't throw a single strike.
An interview? Me?
Yeah. It's her senior thesis,
and it's about long-term inmates.
She says she really wants to
interview you.
You don't have to do it.
-I'll do it.
-Really?
I need to start practicing meeting people.
And who knows?
Doing this interview
may help with my parole decision.
Okay. Visitations will be
permitted again soon,
so I'll set a date.
Lieutenant Paeng, can we talk?
Me? Why?
It'll be a minute.
You're scaring me. What is it?
It's Steve Blass disease.
What's that?
I just told you.
It's the inability to throw strikes.
That's not good.
That's why it's a problem.
So, I wanted to ask you for a favor.
He can just throw strikes.
No, he can't.
-Why not?
-It's Steve Blass disease.
-What is that?
-Are you stupid?
What?
There is no reason or cause,
which is why it's harder to fix.
It's usually predominantly psychological.
Like feeling pressured
or stressed about doing well.
That's the most common.
What a strange thing it is. Of all the...
We had one on my squad.
He was a golfer, but suddenly
got the yips, was it?
He suddenly got the yips
and couldn't fix it,
and gave up on golf and enlisted.
He couldn't putt as he used to.
Must you say that right now
in this situation?
-Are you a sicko?
-It's psychological.
You should get therapy.
He's ignoring me, right?
Yes, he is.
He found a team,
and things are working out
with his girlfriend,
so he just has to play baseball well.
-But it caused stress instead.
-Does he need surgery?
No. It's due to stress.
Why would he need surgery?
I'm asking because I don't know.
Can't you read between the lines?
No! I'm not a baseball player!
How would I know?
I just explained it to you!
Do you get everything
that's been explained to you?
Why not? Like this is so damn hard?
Even a dog would understand!
What? What did you just say?
Hey!
Why not? Like this is so damn hard?
Even a dog would understand!
What? What did you just say?
Hey!
Stand closer. Then you'll hear each other.
Geez.
Lieutenant Paeng. What's the code
for the drawer
in the administration office?
Three, six, eighteen.
Wow. What a great code.
Also,
please don't fight.
We can hear you in there.
If you fight again,
I'll put both of you in the hole.
We plan to get expert help.
He's under your command,
so if you give your approval,
we'll start tomorrow
in the new inmate training room.
Of course,
-Captain Na can't...
He can't know.
-Thank you.
-Gosh.
Why are the hardships never-ending
for Je-hyeok?
It's never-ending.
I thought he could finally
just focus on baseball now, but...
Is God sending cues from up there?
As soon as one hardship is over,
he sends him another.
He won't leave that poor human alone.
Poor Je-hyeok.
I wonder if he can handle this.
He must be exhausted.
Je-hyeok.
Can we talk for a minute?
I looked into some options.
Let's start tomorrow, okay?
There's a way, right?
Of course. There are many.
I'll fix it.
There's nothing that can't be fixed.
-Of course.
I'll do anything. I can't give up now
after what I've been through.
I'll do anything. Anything.
Je-hyeok is amazing.
I would've given up on baseball long ago.
It'll be hard to cure Steve Blass.
There must be a way, right?
Cell 6. Exercise time.
Are they the gangsters?
Don't drop it! Shit!
Yes. They have that one boss.
The stupid-looking thug is his henchman.
The jerk that looks like a scumbag
is the druggie.
You druggie.
They're the worst.
They'll go after anyone
if they smell money.
They have an errand boy.
He's the soda.
Set menus always come with a soda.
You're right. They need an errand boy
to roam as they please.
Plus, he's got the keys.
That jerk is no joke.
There's nothing he can't get.
Doesn't everyone get drugs
relatively easily?
The store sells them.
Even he took a lot of
cold medicine before.
Were they that dangerous?
They must be different drugs.
The drugs they deal are much bigger.
They even distribute
Zolpidem, stimulants, and hallucinogens.
They'll force it on any deep pocket.
I know that jerk. The pimply jerk.
He bought drugs from me once.
Stop it.
HARU MILK
Deep pocket straight ahead.
Isn't he the son of the Gangnam
barbecue restaurant owner?
The rich boy.
Boss.
I found a boiler to keep us warm
this winter.
You'll do anything, right?
Of course. Anything, if it'll cure me.
Okay, let's try it.
The psychologist Freud said
the subconscious controls human behavior.
We'll find
what the problem is,
and what caused it,
from within your subconscious.
Doctor.
Okay.
Forget it.
Je-hyeok Kim, you will now enter the world
of the subconscious,
and will be hypnotized.
Focus all of your attention on this.
You are slowly
crossing into the world of hypnosis.
Your eyelids are getting heavy,
and you will fall asleep.
Red sun!
Did it work?
I'll check right now.
Here.
You will drink
the most refreshing soda in this world.
It's so salty.
Salty!
This isn't soda. It's soy sauce.
It's so salty.
-So salty.
-Doctor.
May I have some soy sauce...
It's so salty.
How did you know
we'd be needing soy sauce?
Say hi, Je-hyeok. She's a psychotherapist.
Hello.
You'll draw a graph of your life.
The doctor says
even if you are happy right now,
it may always get bad,
and even if you are miserable now,
it may always get better.
However, the most important thing
is the present.
Recognizing yourself
right at this very moment.
That is where healing begins.
Okay. On this paper,
draw a graph of your life
from childhood until now.
And mark exactly where you are right now.
Good.
Graph of your life
Stop.
Je-hyeok, stop.
Doctor, we'll have to stop here for today.
Please come back tomorrow.
Stop, Je-hyeok. Stop!
Hey.
I'm not done.
My current state is much lower than this.
I'm in jail.
I need to go much lower.
Let's go, you freak.
Let's go.
-Let's go.
-You said to do it, asshole.
Je-hyeok Kim Sets New Saves Record!
Okay! The final step.
Remember the best moment of your life.
Even Major Leaguer John Smoltz
suffered severe Steve Blass disease,
but he was able to cure it by watching
the video of his World Series win
over and over again.
Watch videos of your perfect pitches
repeatedly,
and burn them
into your brain.
Make that video
replay itself in your head
whenever you throw a ball.
-Got it?
-Okay.
Okay. Here is a video
of the September 21, 2016 game.
It was the day you got your 48th save
and set the record
for most saves in a season.
Remember?
Je-hyeok.
Je-hyeok, let's remember that day.
We're returning to that very day,
September 21, 2016.
Play ball!
Don't.
What?
I broke up with Ji-ho on this day.
I remember this day clearly.
September 21, 2016.
I'm sorry.
The day after her birthday.
I forgot her birthday.
I was self-absorbed.
Son of a bitch.
I had forgotten...
JI-HO
Hi. What's up?
What else? Your boyfriend is about to die.
What?
Let's meet for lunch tomorrow.
And why haven't you come to visit yet?
Come quickly, or you'll end up
coming to his funeral.
Anyway, keep tomorrow lunch free.
Got it?
Why is a college student interviewing you?
He said ten seconds ago
that it was for her senior thesis.
You're really slow at times.
Did you agree to do it?
Of course, I did. She's coming tomorrow.
Je-hyeok, Jung-woo is ignoring me.
Yell at him.
Jung-woo, don't do that.
Joon-ho, may I go training...
It's like he's got blinders on.
Je-hyeok isn't interested in anything
but baseball.
Captain Yoo. You have a letter
from your lawyer, Min-gu Kang.
Is he your retrial lawyer?
Hang in there.
Thank you.
CHOCOLATE
Eat it all by yourself.
Uncle, does that mean
you may get out before I do?
I guess so.
If they decide soon,
I may get out before you.
Once we get out,
let's start a gathering.
How about "I Love Jail"?
We can make a chatroom for our prison,
and share memories of our time here,
and things like that.
"Be careful of even falling leaves
before your release," goes the saying.
It's best to stay away from the scumbag
gangsters from Wing 6.
They aren't normal gangsters.
They're just obsessed with money.
I'm fine.
Han-yang, you.
You be careful. They may target you.
Of course. Someone rich and in bad shape
like this person
would totally be their VVIP client.
Jung-woo, is something wrong?
Is there a problem with the retrial?
My brother was fired from his university.
Goodness...
I think he was dismissed.
Your brother is doing well,
so don't worry.
He's busy teaching
at the test prep academy.
He says he feels much more at peace
than when he was a professor.
I was shocked too when I heard
his university dismissed him,
but through it all,
he worried a lot about you.
You bastard. How's your forehead?
You bastard.
That bastard is always fighting.
He won't grow up.
Why are you so nervous?
Are you going on a blind date?
Right?
Why am I so nervous about this?
It's obvious what she'll ask.
What brought you here, how prison life is,
what you want to do when you get out,
things like that.
Don't be nervous. Be yourself.
Okay.
Go on.
You're handsome.
Pardon?
You're more handsome than I expected.
I...
My bad.
Where are you going?
To see this bastard's master.
COLLEGE ENTRANCE EXAM
Are you taking the college
entrance exam again?
What's with the practice tests?
I started tutoring last week.
Two high school seniors.
I forgot everything.
I have to study first, or I'll be lost.
Why are you tutoring?
You must be busy with your studies.
I didn't get a scholarship this time.
That's why I need to work like crazy.
Ask Je-hyeok to pay for you.
He'll pay his girlfriend's tuition.
Why? Are you insane?
I can support myself.
Plus, I always got scholarships
in the past.
This is because of Je-hyeok!
Because of my ex-boyfriend.
Ex-boyfriend?
Aren't you back together?
Why are you being this way?
You're scaring me.
Do you want to see Je-hyeok hang himself
in there?
He's just counting the days
until you visit him.
I said I'd go visit.
I never said I'd go out with him again.
Hey!
Don't play games.
I wanted to see how you'd react.
I'll go out with him again,
and I'll go visit.
Why are you messing with me?
Stop laughing at me.
I've been crazy busy with midterms,
and I really had no time because of work.
Plus, I was trying to figure out
what to say
when I see Je-hyeok again.
That's why I couldn't go.
"What to say"?
I thought a lot about
how to say what I need to say
without hurting my pride, but...
I'll just do it my way.
I don't want to test the waters.
I won't do that.
I still like him a lot.
I like him so much.
Why should I play hard-to-get?
I want to love him passionately.
PETITION FOR RETRIAL
What are you packing?
Jung-woo's probably curious
about the petition for the retrial,
so I'm mailing him a copy.
I already wrote him
and explained everything.
You did?
Thanks.
When did you think of doing that?
Lay off all this for a bit.
Focus on yourself until we get the result.
Okay.
Did you tell him that I was fired?
Didn't he know already?
Also, here.
These are Je-hyeok's.
I brought them from home.
I'm sure he'll like having his own gloves.
They look dirty, but these are the ones
he used last year when his team won.
Ji-ho, Je-hyeok...
has Steve Blass.
He got Steve Blass.
He can't aim.
He can't throw strikes.
I guess the interview went well.
I thought it would've been awkward
and frightening.
It wasn't awkward at all.
It wasn't awkward,
and I wasn't scared at all.
I'm talking about the college student.
That student didn't run away
when she saw you?
You look really scary.
If there's anyone who isn't scared
when they first see you,
they need to get their eyes checked.
They must have really bad eyesight.
I'm in a very good mood today,
so I won't hit you.
Thanks.
You said you wouldn't hit me.
You said you wouldn't hit me,
you wild hog!
You punk. Come with me.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'll kill him and live here
for 40 more years.
Was I wrong? I didn't say anything wrong.
You're the size of a wild hog.
If not, are you a rat?
-Rat! Rat!
-Rat?
I'm terrified of rats. Have you ever
stepped on a rat and killed it?
-Get over here. Get over here.
-Wait.
-Get over here.
-Let go.
Let me hit you just once, no, three times.
-Get over here!
-I won't fall for it again!
-Hit me. Hit me!
-Why you...
That punk needs a beating.
-Hit me! Hit me!
-Let go! Shit!
-I'll rip out your blood vessels.
-Let go.
Looney picks a fight with everyone.
Moving from one target to another.
Like he's on a turf war.
-A mysterious fighter.
-Move.
No. He's just a psycho.
I do not feel pain.
We tried everything.
We started with Freudian psychoanalysis,
like hypnosis and therapy,
I showed him videos,
called in a famous psychiatrist
and listened to research results
on the subconscious...
I tried... I tried everything,
but nothing worked. Nothing.
What do we do?
Je-hyeok can't understand any of that.
What?
What did you do to the most
simple-minded person in the world?
Then what? What should I do?
Here. You see this glove?
Put an "x" in the middle.
Tell him to throw here.
Don't say anything else.
Just tell him to throw at the "x."
Just tell him that.
He can't understand anything else.
It worked.
I caught it!
Okay then. Enjoy yourself.
Wow. Ji-ho is your trainer.
She's your trainer.
Wow... How did she fix it in one try?
Ji-ho is...
like the wise Kongming to me.
You're right. She's like your Liang Zhuge.
It's Kongming, you idiot. Not Liang Zhuge.
Anyway, when is Ji-ho coming?
Is she not coming?
Call her. You can tell her
to hurry and come.
I'm too afraid to.
I'm afraid she'll say
she changed her mind.
She says she still likes you.
I mean it. That's what she told me.
She says she still likes you a lot.
She can't come
because she's busy with work,
but she said she'll come next week.
She said you should train hard.
She said that if the Steve Blass is cured,
she'll come right away.
Dong-ho, let's go!
It's so hot.
Retard.
SPICY CHIPS
Excuse me, Mr. Han-yang Yoo.
Jung-woo.
Hush.
It's not a good time to be prattling.
Don't get demerits for fighting,
and stay quiet for the time being.
Did something happen?
The gangster bastards from Wing 6
caused trouble.
Captain Na.
ROMANCE OF THE THREE KINGDOMS
You should pack.
You don't have much time left.
I may not get it.
I feel like I'm getting my hopes up.
If it were Han-yang, maybe not,
but you will definitely get out.
Captain Yoo.
Jung-woo.
Want a drink?
I'm cold.
Han-yang will end up in the hospital
at this rate.
He's been getting worse.
He's being released soon,
so he has to hang in there
for a couple of weeks.
You still didn't decide what to say
to your brother?
Knowing that your brother quit
his job at the university
must make you feel terrible.
He didn't quit.
He was too busy with my retrial
and missed work for too long,
and ended up getting dismissed.
I want to tell him to stop
working on the retrial
and to start looking for
another university.
He'll probably say to me
that he'll do just that,
but continue working only on my retrial.
What should I do?
From his perspective,
he wouldn't be able to relax
until the retrial decision.
What should I say to him?
What should I do?
I'm sure Jung-woo
will tell me to look for
another university.
Tell him you'll do that
once the retrial decision is out.
He won't believe me.
He has a lot of pride and dignity.
He probably thinks his brother
lost his job
because of him,
and is thinking of how to convince me
to stop working on the retrial.
He'll probably say he'll take care of
his own business and tell me to drop it.
What should I do?
We'll get the decision soon,
and there's still so much to do.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
Gosh.
It made the papers.
Zolpidem?
Illegal Drug Dealing In Prison
Zolpidem, Hallucinogens
WARDEN, YONG-CHUL KIM
What are you doing?
Get the head gangster in Wing 6.
Interrogate him first!
When does the head
ever do anything themselves?
He'll just say he doesn't know.
You should interrogate the druggies
that follow him first.
It looked like those two
were dealing drugs.
The reporters will be watching
how we handle this.
We should investigate thoroughly
and find everyone who bought
from them as well,
and extend their sentences.
Who's in charge of Wing 6?
Just once.
I sold it just once.
I'm not a repeat offender.
This is unfair.
Drop the bull.
Give me names.
Whom else did you sell to?
These guys are really it.
And we know we're in deep shit.
Of course, we'll talk.
Why would we not?
So...
-Is that all?
-Yes.
What a shame. If you named
one or two more,
I was going to cut back
on your sentence extension.
No, right?
There aren't any, is there?
We're done.
There is.
There's one more.
Give me some time.
I'll name one more.
Are you okay?
He looks bad.
Han-yang, are you okay?
Lieutenant Paeng!
Lieutenant!
I'm sure there aren't any more.
There aren't many druggies here.
Whether or not there are, we have to try.
If there is more, great. If not, oh, well.
Let's go.
Go ahead.
VOLUNTEER
Access granted.
SEGREGATION UNIT
I saw him.
I saw him in the infirmary.
We have no luck.
Why does he have to be in there now?
Our young master
needs his medicine.
-What should I do?
-What else?
-We should go to the infirmary too.
-What?
Hey.
For breakfast tomorrow,
give us laxatives.
Let's have everyone in here
visit the infirmary.
And
-you have that drug, right?
-Yes, of course.
I'll bring it to the infirmary tomorrow.
You smart boy.
I'm relying on you.
Oh, my gosh.
I think they just need medicine.
You feel better, right?
-Yes, sir.
It's never-ending today. Come in.
When should I take them?
They say they keep throwing up,
so they're going to sleep here today.
We'll see how they feel in the morning,
and then you can take them.
What did they eat?
It's too cold for it to be food poisoning.
You can get food poisoning
in the winter too.
I guess I'll be spending
the night here again.
Good luck.
Did Lieutenant Lee go somewhere?
He went home earlier.
How did you get in then?
Joon-ho opened it for me.
But he said he was late for his date,
and handed me over
to a guard who was passing by.
How will we go back?
He said to hit that.
He said if I hit that, a guard nearby
will come and take me.
He already told them.
He's a genius.
But it's kind of boring without Han-yang.
I like it.
We should live among sane people.
Han-yang may be better off
in the infirmary.
What if the gangster punks go after him?
Oh.
What?
Those druggies should be
in the infirmary right now.
Everyone in the hole
got food poisoning today.
The druggies were in bad shape
and will be staying there.
It'll be okay, right?
The medical officer is there,
and so are the guards. It should be fine.
Doctor!
What is it?
I think he tore his ligament. Hurry!
What? Where? Who?
Cell 6A1.
You should come too.
Sang-hui is really big,
so you can't carry him on your own.
I knew that punk
would get himself in trouble.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Shit.
Thank you.
-Captain Yoo. I need you.
-Me?
Hurry. Hurry. Hurry.
Hurry up and sit down. Sit.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
How is the retrial going?
We submitted the petition.
They say it'll take time.
Ask me if you don't know something.
I majored in pre-law.
Okay.
Actually, I've been studying
the law lately.
That punk can smell food a mile away.
How did you know?
We went to high school together.
I got better grades, but he cheated
and got into a medical undergrad.
Once I rat you out,
you're done for. Got that?
Got it.
Why are you here?
What about the infirmary?
One of our guys is there.
They're all sleeping.
Lieutenant Ko went to take a nap too.
Hey. Did you order just one chicken?
You punk.
You need to become a bigger man.
Stop eating. There's nothing
for Captain Yoo.
I'm hungry.
Captain Yoo, should I order you
some pork trotters?
Okay, okay! Stop it already!
It's so loud!
Didn't you go home?
I did.
I was having chicken and beer
with Chief Sim,
and thought of... you know. Here.
Just happened to stumble upon it.
There's no beer!
Hey.
I should've bought one more.
Yes. You should've bought three.
I'm on my third month
of receiving docked pay.
Anyway, where's Captain Yoo?
I need to feed Jung-woo too.
Officer Song called him away.
Okay, then.
He's having chicken.
Song always has chicken at night.
What are you doing here?
Someone said he tore his ligament,
so I went, but he was fine.
I was headed to the sleeping room
to take a nap,
but I heard the gong.
I'm sure you smelled the chicken.
Don't lie so thoughtfully.
-Sit down and eat with us.
-Shall I?
-Lieutenant Ko.
-Yeah?
Shouldn't you be at the infirmary?
Your wing's troublemakers are all there.
It's okay. They should be sleeping.
They don't need me.
Is the medic there?
He went to meet a friend.
Shit.
You know what this is, right?
-Stay still.
-Young master.
-It's what you like.
-Open your mouth.
Open it, asshole. Open up.
Open up, asshole.
Open up.
Here it comes.
Freeze!
What are you doing?
Take them away!
Get over here.
Are you hurt? Are you okay?
I'm not okay.
Can't you tell?
But what made you come
at this timing?
Are you telepathic?
What are you doing here?
I'm so out of breath.
Why are you here?
What about the infirmary?
One of our guys is there.
They're all sleeping.
Lieutenant Ko went to take a nap too.
Hey. Did you order just one chicken?
You punk.
You need to become a bigger man.
Stop eating. There's nothing
for Captain Yoo.
I'm hungry.
Captain Yoo, should I order you
some pork trotters?
Officer Song, I have a favor to ask.
Anything. I'll pick the stars
in the sky for you.
Please go to the infirmary with me.
Right now.
Please take them too.
-Chief.
-Yes?
Please help me.
You're always fighting,
but I guess you still care.
I didn't do it because I like him.
It's a crime, so I had no choice.
You little kid.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
I heard.
Stop there. Don't say the next part.
I'll pretend you did.
That student's coming today, isn't she?
He's so happy although she's a stranger.
Your brother's coming today, right?
Min-chul! You have a visitor.
Jung-woo, wait a little.
You can go when Min-chul gets back.
Your brother's here.
Yes, sir.
Je-hyeok, you have a visitor.
It's the lawyer.
Sorry.
Let me ask you something.
You should've asked sooner.
My brother will say he will,
but he'll continue to work on
my retrial secretly.
But if I get angry and tell him
not to do it,
it'll hurt his feelings.
What should I do?
If it were you...
What would you do?
Do you know what your biggest problem is?
You're exhausting.
You make everything way too complicated.
You're only 30.
Why is everything so complicated
and difficult?
You want your brother to be happy, right?
But you need him too.
The retrial is just around the corner.
Hey. If that falls through,
you'll end up like me.
Your life is on the line, you bastard.
Just be honest with your brother.
Ask him to stay with you until the end.
Tell him you need him.
Tell him you're really,
really, really sorry,
but that you really need him.
Just be honest and say that.
I'm sure that's what your brother
wants to hear the most.
All you do is eat cookies,
but you act like an adult
and think way too much.
Yes. Of course.
Don't worry, Jung-woo.
I'll always stick right by your side.
Thanks.
For what? You're so weird.
Would you send me a book?
There are many I want to read.
The guards will give them to me
if you ask.
Sure. Just tell me what to get.
I'll buy them all for you.
Do you need anything else?
How much is left
in your commissary account?
What about thermals?
Are you wearing thermals?
Is any cellmate bothering you?
Who else has been released?
Ask one at a time.
Okay. Sure.
Sure.
Are you that happy?
Yes.
Whenever I talk to her,
I feel...
I feel good.
I was lucky.
I was lucky that I was paired up with her.
I wouldn't have been able to talk
as comfortably with someone else.
What do you mean?
She chose you.
She said from the start that she wanted
to interview Min-chul Kim.
Do you know her?
I don't know anyone.
Maybe she's family?
Whatever.
Je-hyeok, is your Steve Blass cured now?
Your suffering is over now.
What else could happen?
Crony has gotten so nice, too.
Right?
You'll be getting out soon.
You're almost there.
Okay, okay! Attention!
Ten inmates from Daegu Penitentiary
are here to tour our greenhouse.
Why?
Our greenhouse is the best in the nation.
They come once in a while
to learn from us.
They'll be staying here for two months,
and learn the know-hows of our greenhouse.
Here they are. Come in.
What the hell?
Okay, you're all grown-ups. Speak nicely.
I hope you'll get along
for the next two months.
Everyone, bow.
A greenhouse training room?